C. Sports Betting
time limit per test2 seconds
memory limit per test256 megabytes
The boarding process for various flights can occur in different ways: either by bus or through a telescopic jet bridge. Every day, exactly one flight is made from St. Petersburg to Minsk, and Vadim decided to demonstrate to the students that he always knows in advance how the boarding will take place.

Vadim made a bet with n
 students, and with the i
-th student, he made a bet on day ai
. Vadim wins the bet if he correctly predicts the boarding process on both day ai+1
 and day ai+2
.

Although Vadim does not know in advance how the boarding will occur, he really wants to win the bet at least with one student and convince him of his predictive abilities. Check if there exists a strategy for Vadim that allows him to guarantee success.

Input
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t
 (1≤t≤104
). The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer n
 (1≤n≤105
) — the number of students Vadim made bets with.

The second line of each test case contains n
 integers a1,…,an
 (1≤ai≤109
) — the days on which Vadim made bets with the students.

It is guaranteed that the sum of n
 over all test cases does not exceed 105
.

Output
For each test case, output "Yes" (without quotes) if Vadim can guarantee convincing at least one student, and "No" otherwise.

You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive responses.

Example
InputCopy
5
4
1 1 1 1
3
2 2 2
5
2 4 3 2 4
8
6 3 1 1 5 1 2 6
1
1000000000
OutputCopy
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
Note
In the first test case, Vadim needs to make at least one correct prediction about the boarding process on the second and third days. There are a total of 4
 possible boarding scenarios for these days, so Vadim can give all 4
 students different predictions and guarantee that at least one of them will be correct.

In the second test case, Vadim only made bets with three students and cannot guarantee that he will provide at least one of them with a correct prediction.
